[opera music plays]
[doorbell ringing]
[theme music]
Dinner is served!
Eat it while it's hot, monsieur.
-[Barnaby] What is this?
-Duh, fried rice.
If you recall, the last time
I made this dish,
it got ruined before you took a bite,
so I'm trying again.
-That's not what I meant.
-Hmm?
[Barnaby] Why are you doting on me
all of a sudden?
Uh, well, you know,
I'm worried about ya!
[chuckling]
[gasping]
-It's so frustrating.
-Hm?
My parents' murderer.
-In my memory, his face keeps changing.
-Huh?
At one point he looked
like you.
Uh, just for the record,
I wasn't the killer, okay?
The harder I try to remember that day,
the less I know! [sobbing]
My memory is so vague,
it's driving me nuts! I can't take it!
Well, what if we retraced your steps
the day your parents died?
[Barnaby] What's the point
of that?
It always seems to help me
when I lose something really important.
Maybe it'll help you, too.
Hey, you won't be the Bunny we all know
and love until you get this figure out.
Okay.
["Jingle Bells" plays]
On that day,
this is where you were right
before it happened?
[Barnaby] Yeah.
The rink was just as
lively as it is today.
Uh, was that kiosk
here back then?
Huh? Oh, yeah.
That's right, Mr.
Maverick bought me a hat.
[laughing]
[store clerk] Thank you. Have a nice day.
[giggling]
Do you really think this is
the best time to go shopping?
Don't worry, I got somethin' for you too!
See?
Yeah, no thanks.
What?! I bought us a matching pair
'cuz we're partners!
That's not a selling
point.
Aw, come on, don't be shy.
Here, hold still so I can pin it on you...
I think you're forgetting
why we're here.
Plus, this is a leather jacket.
Don't go ruining it
with some cheap souvenir.
-Uh--
-Why are you being so sappy?
We'll have plenty of other opportunities
to hang out together.
All right, already!
I'll resign and get back there just
as soon as I can!
[photographer] All right, say cheese!
Wow! That tree must be
million feet high!
[Barnaby] I had my picture taken
that day too.
[Young Barnaby] I can't wait to show this
to mom and dad when I get home!
[laughing]
A cheesy holiday picture
with Maverick?
That's hilarious! [laughing]
Why's that?
Why? I dunno, it's
just ridiculous to imagine!
Not that. I can clearly remember
coming here with Mr. Maverick.
But why can't I
picture the killer!?
Don't torment yourself over this.
But what if the memory's gone?
What if I never know the answer!?
I can't, I can't.
Huh? Whoa, pal, uh,
he's just-- Take it easy, Bunny.
[Barnaby] Kriem was right after all.
I'm going to be tortured by the past
for the rest of my life!
[sobbing]
[Kotetsu]
That's it. I've made up my mind.
I'm not leaving you 'til
we solve this thing.
Together.
Real partners stick together,
no matter how tough things might get.
You mean it?
Yeah. That sounded
badass, huh?
What the!? Hey, what's wrong with you?
Come on Bunny, talk to me!
Thanks for all your help.
I guess he was just exhausted.
Poor guy.
["Silent Night" plays]
Thank you so much, Uncle Maverick!
I'll see you real soon, okay.
[chuckling]
[gun firing]
[opera music plays]
-[gasping]
-[breathing heavily]
Kotetsu?
Oh, hey, Mom? It's me again.
How's Kaede doing?
She's fine. And I assume she told you
about her abilities?
[Kotetsu] Yeah, she can copy other
people's powers.
From what I hear it's a
pretty rare ability.
We still don't know all the ins
and out of how it works.
So how's she
handling everything?
[Anju] So far she's dealing
with it extremely well.
That's my girl.
[Anju] You're not out of the
woods yet!
Your daughter's going to need
a lot of help getting through this.
So when can she expect
her father back home?
[Kotetsu] Yeah, about that.
Actually, I have run into a little hiccup
that might delay my return.
[Anju] How long of a delay?
[Kotetsu] Uh, I'm not sure. But I'm
definitely quitting soon.
Are you ever really going
to resign?
[Kotetsu] I am! Honest!
There's just some unfinished business
I gotta take care of first, you know...
If I throw in the towel without
settling this, I know I'll regret it.
Sorry, but you'll just
have to be patient with me.
[Kaede] Don't bother coming home!
I'm not gonna believe a word
you say as long as I live!
Is that you, hon?
You promised me you were
quitting and it was just a lie!
No wait, I am coming home,
just not today.
You care about your job
more than me don't you!?
That's not true,
sweetheart!
Of course you're the most
important thing in my life.
It's just that now's not exactly the
best time for me to quit my job.
Daddy is serious about quitting, okay?
[scoffing] You just have to hang on
a little bit longer.
-[phone hangs up]
-Huh?! Not again.
[Barnaby] What was that all about?
Hm?
What did you mean,
quitting your job?
So you're going to quit being a hero,
just like that?
Without even telling your partner?
Oh, that? I, uh...
But why right now? Is this related to
your daughter's new powers?
Is there something
wrong with her?
No, it has nothing to do
with that at all.
Then why are you running
away?
Well, I just think it's time for me to
settle down and be a normal guy.
-You know what I mean?
-No.
Being a hero is
unpredictable.
It's fine when you're a
young man, but...
I'm getting too old
for this stuff.
Which is why I've decided to get out
of the hero game
and get a nice desk job like
everybody else.
Do you honestly think I'm going to
believe that?
Why won't you just tell me
what's really going on?
Huh?
You always told me partners are
supposed to be there for each other.
The truth is, you
don't trust me, do you?
Hey come on Bunny, it's not
like that.
Oh, I get it. All day long
you've been trying to help.
Trying to stop me from quitting.
You were doing all that so it would
make it easier when you quit.
Well, I...
The only reason you
wanted to help was so
you wouldn't feel guilty for turning
your back on me.
-No!
-I trusted you. And you betrayed me.
Well guess what? You don't have to
bother pretending anymore.
Leave whenever you feel like it.
I'll be just fine on my own.
Hey, hang on a second Bunny
-I'm better off alone.
-Huh?
I was doing fine before I met you.
And I'll be relieved when you're gone.
You don't mean
that.
Letting you get some arrests
was one thing,
but I'm tired of carrying you.
-Hey!
-I'm better as a solo act.
In fact! I can't wait
'til you're gone.
Whoa! Uh, oops.
Sorry about that Bunny.
Don't you power up!
Hey, wait a minute!
Come on, whoa!!
Oh?
Sorry to drop in so
suddenly.
Did something happen?
Why don't you try telling
me about it?
I might be able to help
you out, Barnaby.
It's my parents.
Their murder isn't solved.
[grunts]
Whoever killed my mom and dad...
it wasn't Jake.
What?! Impossible.
Kriem let it slip right
before she died.
I can vouch for his innocence.
I was with him the entire day
it happened.
We're just a small faction of Ouroboros!
[gasping]
The real murderer is probably someone else
who works with Ouroboros.
Which means Ouroboros might be a
much bigger organization than we
ever imagined.
And you're just going to believe
everything a dying criminal tells you?
But what about that tattoo?!
The murderer had one on his right hand,
but Jake didn't!
Then I'm sorry Barnaby, but it appears
we're back to square one.
That's not the only
thing.
Ever since I found out that Jake
wasn't the real murderer,
my memory has been a complete mess.
Without that lead I
don't know anything!
You should calm down, my boy.
I can understand your frustration,
but impatience won't help you
get any closer to the truth.
Perhaps I should do some
digging into Ouroboros.
Thank you.
Was anyone else in the room when Kriem
gave you that information?
I think it would be wise to
keep this between the two of us.
Kotetsu was with me.
That's it, but--
[phone ringing]
I don't mind. You can
answer it.
Sorry, Samantha. Would you mind
if I call you back later?
Barnaby, I remember!
The day of your parents' murder!
[gasps]
[sighing]
Hey, can I leave my
car here overnight?
Sure, buddy, of course you can.
Great. I'll take
something stronger.
["Hero TV Theme" plays]
What now?
Well Barnaby, you've already broken
Mr. Legend's record.
So, is there any hero out there
you aspire to be?
[] Well, no one comes to
mind.
Thanks, pal.
But, you know, there is one person with
more heart than me.
[reporter] Oh? More heart you say?
He's clumsy and does
crazy things,
but, he always gives it 110%.
and takes pride in his
work like no one else.
He impresses me all the time,
and I hope that one day,
I can be worthy of his trust.
Even so, I wouldn't want to be
exactly like him.
[reporter] Which hero is it?
That's a secret.
But the truth is, you don't trust me,
do you?
On second thought,
I'm done for the night.
[Samantha Taylor] What you said yesterday
got me thinking,
so I dug through some old boxes
and I found a photograph.
-Photograph?
-[Taylor] Yes, Barnaby.
It was taken the day of the murder.
What is going on?!
[Taylor] I don't know.
but ever since I found this picture,
I've been really confused about
what happened.
I still can't make heads or tails
of any of this!
Don't get too upset, okay?
Listen, I'll look into this and
give you a call later on.
Everything okay, Barnaby?
Mr. Maverick, you took me to the park
to see the Christmas tree
the day they died,
didn't you?
Barnaby, don't.
Yes, it was 21 years ago.
You and I went to see the Christmas tree
and spent the day together.
We've gone over this
a hundred times.
[sobbing]
[Young Barnaby] I can't wait to show this
to mom and dad when I get home!
[laughing]
No!
Hm?
I wasn't with you.
Of course you were. What
on Earth are you talking about?
I visited the Christmas tree that day,
but you weren't the one with me!
Yes, I was.
My boy, you seem a bit
confused and anxious.
Maybe you need
some rest.
I can remember it perfectly now!
All because of Samantha's picture!
[Taylor] Yes, Barnaby. It was taken the
day of the murder.
[Barnaby] What is going on?
You weren't there with me that day
at the Christmas Tree.
So the real question is, why have you
been lying about it all these years?
[Maverick grunts]
And if you weren't with me, then what
were you really doing that day?
How dare you talk
to me like that?
If anything, you should
be grateful to me.
You're the man you are
because of the way I raised you.
When you were young,
I was impressed by your powers.
I knew that I could
make you into a true hero.
And I was right. You have far surpassed
my original expectations.
What are you talking
about?
Barnaby, seeing you now,
I know I made the right decision.
I'm glad that I let you live.
Let me live? No! You don't mean?
Your mother and father had a
strong sense of justice and compassion.
Almost to a fault.
What?
It was rough when I first
launched HERO TV.
Your parents were just about
the only people who supported my vision.
They were my closest friends.
They even provided me
with the earliest hero suits,
using special metal alloys
they developed
through their extensive robotics research.
But despite our best efforts,
HERO TV's ratings were abysmal.
The audience was against us.
People still had strong prejudice
against the NEXT.
So, I came up with a plan that would
make the heroes a vital necessity.
And at the same time,
boost my show's ratings.
I set up exciting crimes
and broadcast the arrests live.
I knew that by doing so,
the people of this city
would change how they
thought about heroes.
But I needed perpetrators,
so I had to team up with
a certain crime organization.
You mean, Ouroboros?
[Maverick] The plan worked perfectly.
But just as the show
began to pick up steam,
your parents asked
to meet with me.
It was on Christmas Eve.
Did you think we wouldn't find out
what you were doing!?
We didn't develop nano-metals
so they could be used by criminals!
[Maverick] They realized that I had
joined forces with the organization,
and had been using their technology
to supply them with weapons.
They demanded that I come clean,
make everything public
and atone for my crimes.
But, when I refused...
[sighing]
[grunts]
It turned out your parents
were far too smart...
and too nave
for their own good.
[gun shots]
It can't be.
You're lying.
I can still see that moment, and
you're not the murderer in my memories
[Maverick] There's one more thing
I've neglected to tell you.
You see I can plant memories
inside people's minds.
You're a NEXT?
But now it's apparent that the memory
I implanted in you
has been compromised
by the tiniest contradiction.
This isn't good.
You mean, all this time,
you were the one behind everything!?
[Maverick] There's really no point
in asking any more questions.
After all,
when I'm done,
you're going to forget
this entire conversation.
[struggling]
[doorbell ringing]
[groaning]
[struggling]
Don't worry, my boy.
I'll give you this gift
one more time.
[phone ringing]
Have sweet dreams, Barnaby.
[theme music]